The generated results contains the following components:  

Inside `Reduced_data`:  
The reduced matrix generated by four different dimensionality reduction algorithms: diffusion map (DF), principal component analysis (PCA), t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (TSNE), and truncated singular value decomposition (SVD). Three clustering methods (gaussian mixture, k-means, and spectral clustering) are performed on all four reduced matrixes.  

Inside `Figures`:  
3*3*4 = 36 graphs of clustering visualization of the first two components (each contains three subplot for three trials)  

Inside `Tables`:  
alg_k: A table with K (5, 15, 25) in columns and clustering algorithms in rows. The entries represent the mean silhouette score of each algorithm for each K. (i=kmeans, j=5 represents the mean silhouette score for K=5 using k-means across all four dimension reduction methods across all three trials)  
alg_red: A table with dimensionality reduction methods in columns and clustering algorithms in rows. The entries represent the mean silhouette score over three trials for K=25.  
alg_k_runtime: A table with K (5, 15, 25) in columns and clustering algorithms in rows. The entries represent the mean runtime of each algorithm for each K across all dimension reduction methods.  
alg_red_runtime: A table with dimension reduction methods in columns and clustering algorithms in rows. The entries represent the mean runtime over three trials for K=25.  

The others are raw tables for silhouette score. Each of the raw tables contains the silhouette score for one clustering methods, which has K as columns and dimension reduction algorithms as rows.

Inside `Label_matrix`:
The clustering results for each clustering/dimensionality reduction algorithm combination under K=25. Each row represents each cell sample, each column represents each trial (15 in totals). The ij entries represent the label assigned by the clustering algorithm for the ith cell and jth trial.  
This matrix will be used to calculate the consensus matrix, which is another performance metric other than the silhouette scores to evaluate the performance of the clustering.  

Inside `Raw_data`:
The other csv files are the raw data of each clustering/dimentionality reduction algorithm combination for K = [5, 15, 25]. Each entry is the average of 3 trials.

Note: Due to the expensiveness of the runtime, spectral clustering for SVD and TSNE for k=[5,15,25] for three trials failed to complete. Also, spectural clustering for K=25 for 15 trials failed to complete. For a detailed discussion, see our report.  
